OSDOCS-3826: Updated the compute section (#47934)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sdpolicy-am-compute.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * assemblies/rosa-service-definition.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-sdpolicy-compute_{context}"]
= Compute

Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control planes, 2 infrastructure nodes, and 2 worker nodes deployed to a single availability zone.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control planes. 3 infrastructure nodes, and 3 worker nodes. Additional nodes must be purchased in multiples of three to maintain proper node distribution.

All {product-title} clusters support a maximum of 180 worker nodes.

[NOTE]
====
The `Default` machine pool node type and size cannot be changed after the cluster is created.
====

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red Hat. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd- and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the additional resources for a list of the Red Hat Operator workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red Hat. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd- and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the Red Hat Operator support section below for more information on Red Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.
```
